Required Skills

    Proficiency in creating web applications and RESTful APIs.
    Strong experience in Node.js and Express Framework.
    Experience in code architecture in terms of high-performance, scalable & security with aminimal footprint.
    Experience in JEST/Jasmine unit test framework & knowledge in TDD approach.
    Experience working in NoSQL and MYSQL databases is required.
    Experience in ORM like Mongoose, Socket Programming, KAFKA, ElasticSearch, etc..
    Cloud Architectural knowledge of Serverless, Storage, and CDN is an added advantage.
    Experience in Docker is an added advantage.
    Experience in Designing Microservice Architectures.
    Proficient understanding of code versioning tools, such as Git/Bitbucket.
    Developing secure Node.js endpoints using JWT, OAuth, SAML added advantage.

Key Responsibilities

    Willingness to learn and adapt fast to new technologies.
    Ability to work in cross-functional project organization.
    Building reusable components and front-end libraries for future use.
    Implementing automated testing platforms and unit tests.
    Good Linux administration skills, with strong experience in shell scripts.
    Git version control system.
    Able to work within a team development environment.
    Good in communication and a go-getter attitude.
    Willingness to learn and adapt fast to new technologies.
    Ability to work in cross functional project organization.


Developing microservices using Express and Node JS Experience s, Design solutions for enterprise applications with best practices Experience in developing responsive UI applications using React/Angular
serverless or micro-services 5 Experience with AWS or Azure or Google cloud technologies
Experience/Exposure in MEAN Stack is an added advantage
Experience with designing RESTful API based services.
Expertise in microservices architecture.
Understanding of front-end technologies, such as HTML5 CSS3 and JS frameworks like Angular 2+ or React Js would be a plus.
Experience in Cloud platform would be a plus (AWS / GCP).
Experience with performing QA tests alongside development
Basic knowledge of frontend frameworks such as Angular & React
Ability to in a DevOps automated environment.
Experience cloud technologies e. g. Azure, GCP, AWS
Node JS, MongoDB, REST APIs, Microservices.
Proficient in Nodejs & MongoDB.
Hands-onCoding experience.
Micro Services Architecture.
REST API Development.
REST API documentation tool using swagger.
Proficiency in REST APIs, JSON, and API development
Identify errors in code and troubleshoot them
Perform usability and performance testing on web applications
Minimum 1 year of hands-on experience in Node.js stack.
Knowledge of how to build, use & document RESTful APIs.
Strong knowledge of version control.
Strong database skills.
    Experience deploying Node.js applications into production.
    Ability to implement & work with sockets programming.
    Knowledge of Amazon Web Services (AWS) infrastructure, and project deployment with the pipeline.
    Knowledge of Redis is a plus.

Good to have:

    Experience with AWS.
    Experience with CI/CD tools.
Can learn and adapt fast, as well as identify and solve problems
Must be aware of Lambda, EC2, S3, API Gateways, setting up service endpoints,

CloudFront, CloudWatch (these are few basic services that are used under AWS very highly so the combination of the same should be available)
Candidate should be willing to learn new technologies based on project reqrueiments
Candidate should have good technical experience in building applications using Angular, Serverless
candidate should be very familiar with angular js, nodejs, AWS and is strongly interested in learning cloud knowledge cross cloud provider, like AWS/Azure/GCP
Willing to try new things, not afraid to fail, learn from failures and grow. Verbal & non-verbal communication skills Skills:- MongoDB, Mongoose, Express, NodeJS (Node.js), TypeScript, React.js, AWS Lambda, AWS Simple Notification Service (SNS) and AWS Simple Queuing Service (SQS)
Need have knowledge on REST API and MVC, Unit testing frameworks like Mocha/Chai Knowledge in React JS, JavaScript, Typescript, CSS and HTML5, Reactjs workflows
 Strong proficiency with JavaScript
Good knowledge of HTML5 and CSS3
Understanding of JavaScript libraries and frameworks ReactJS

Excellent communication skills.
Curios, Self-motivated and eager to learn.
Good team player with good interpersonal skills.